Note for OAuth without client secret (#471)
iterate-ch/docs: protocols/profiles/index.md

  * Prefix all requests with path for [S3](../s3/index.md) profiles.
- `Anonymous Configurable` Boolean if anonymous access is configurable.
- `Path Configurable` Boolean if default path is configurable.
- `Certificate Configurable` Boolean if client certificate is configurable.
- `Region` Region name to limit listing containers of a specific region only for [OpenStack Swift](../openstack/index.md) and [S3](../s3/index.md) profiles. For S3, this value is used for AWS4 signatures when no location can be deferred from the URI for third-party S3 providers.
- `Regions` List of regions supported by the provider. This will populate options in the *Regions* dropdown when creating a new [top level folder](../s3/index.md#creating-a-bucket) for [S3](../s3/index.md) and [OpenStack Swift](../openstack/swiftstack.md) connections.
- `OAuth Client ID` For protocols using OAuth 2.0 you can override the registered application client ID with the provider.
- `OAuth Client Secret` For protocols using OAuth 2.0 you can override the registered application client secret with the provider. Refer to [Custom OAuth 2.0 Client ID for Google Cloud Storage and Google Drive](google_client_id.md).

>   * A profile can define an empty OAuth Client Secret key. The OAuth authorization flow will then use no client secret in client parameters to authenticate with the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A profile can define an empty value for `OAuth Client Secret`. The OAuth authorization flow will then use no client secret in client parameters to authenticate with the server.
```

>   * A profile can omit the OAuth Client ID and Secret to prompt the user for manual input when connecting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A profile can omit the `OAuth Client ID` and/or `OAuth Client Secret` keys to prompt the user for manual input when connecting.
```
